you've made pizzas I've made pizzas yes
not with an expert no jokes about buns
in the oven okay
from anybody's it's just like most
lovers tries to get away from you to
start with and then you really get hold
of it I've always said on this program
we've never had anybody in this program
has never been full of love and
happiness often wine drinking back again
yes we're not all professionals of what
we're doing oh that's nice terminology
which is they can use vegetable but then
they're going to spoil the flavors
used to used when I used to get real
good living from the butcher is this soy
to interrupt a moment for my little bit
I hope your self-explanatory what I'm
doing here tomato crushed up onto the
onto the bread and should be Phillips
and a simple pizza should have no more
than things like this on it it's not
meant to have artichoke hearts and sweet
corn and all the junk Elizabeth David
very correctly spoke of the wonderful
quiche terrain that in the 60s was
degenerated into a culinary dustbin and
I regret to say the same applies of the
pizza it's become a travesty of its
original simple Oregon this is grated
Gruyere okay and a bit of olive oil to
make that look for it to shine a little
bit later fraction too much there but
never mind make a few marks with this
fork so they're ready but they can't go
in the oven for what oh I was here about
ten minutes they ought to prove what has
proved me well they have to you know you
still got this live yeast in there and
it has to come to its for maturity it
has to rise get really worried about how
long to prove it tiny piece of the dough
that seam down pop it into tepid water
it goes to the bottom when it comes to
the top it's really good in you okay
by the magic of television that has come
back to the top but the magic of
television it has and so off this girls
bring the spatula and bring our bakery
trenches are great it's true but with a
slice of beef or a drop of real gravy
they're brilliant but of course the Beeb
couldn't afford a joint this size so
I've bought it myself with the fee from
my last series I've been extravagant but
you can't beat a good British
roast can you write Margaret I would
like to register a protest that we don't
approve of lean bred beef and we don't
think housewives really wanted either we
think they've been conned and hyped by
the doctors and advertising those things
so we'd like that just to give it the
flavor without the top now because the
vegetables gonna thrive and so on
burnings
I think even my Italian friends who make
real pizzas would approve of that have a
quick swig of wine isn't it and of
course it's doing exactly what the
treasure it's also okay instead of it
all sitting on the top and your cups
when you get a hard piece of card that's
right
aren't you clever please oh you know all
we need to complete a brilliant day as
that is as they say if music be the food
of love then play on the little music
the relaxation
[Music]